Powering Smart, Connected, and Electrified Solutions® » ECI ECI ENES Menu Company Who We Are Leadership Our Companies Business Ethics Markets Solutions Operations Operational Excellence Global Locations COVID-19 Newsroom Careers Customers Suppliers Contact EN ES Powering Smart, Connected, and Electrified Solutions® Electrical Distribution Systems and Engineered Components that Power Industry Leaders. Contact Powering Smart, Connected, and Electrified Solutions® Electrical Distribution Systems and Engineered Components that Power Industry Leaders. Contact Powering Smart, Connected, and Electrified Solutions® Electrical Distribution Systems and Engineered Components that Power Industry Leaders. Contact Powering Smart, Connected, and Electrified Solutions® Electrical Distribution Systems and Engineered Components that Power Industry Leaders. Contact Powering Smart, Connected, and Electrified Solutions® Electrical Distribution Systems and Engineered Components that Power Industry Leaders. Contact Powering Smart, Connected, and Electrified Solutions® Electrical Distribution Systems and Engineered Components that Power Industry Leaders. Contact Powering Smart, Connected, and Electrified Solutions® Electrical Distribution Systems and Engineered Components that Power Industry Leaders. Contact Powering Smart, Connected, and Electrified Solutions® Electrical Distribution Systems and Engineered Components that Power Industry Leaders. Contact Powering Smart, Connected, and Electrified Solutions® Electrical Distribution Systems and Engineered Components that Power Industry Leaders. Contact A Trusted Partner To Market Leaders For over 65 years, we have built long-standing relationships with market leading customers and are committed to excellence as their preferred global supplier. We work across diverse industries to deliver custom solutions to meet our customers’ complex product and technology requirements. See Why 25,000 Employees globally with top industry talent and technical expertise 40 Global manufacturing locations 500+ Global market leading customers Electrifying the Future Introducing the Anaconda Power System™ Electrification at massive scale: 60 feet of high voltage power distribution for propulsion systems Custom-designed sealed electrical and mechanical interfaces, built to exceed a 12-year lifecycle A global leader in high voltage systems, enabling the electrification of key market sectors Passion for Innovation Driven by Engineering Excellence We engineer the next generation of low voltage and high voltage electrical architectures We are a design and development partner from concept to production We create optimal, end to end solutions that incorporate the most advanced product and process technologies Explore How Get In Touch Contact ECI To Learn More About Our Solutions. Contact Us News Company News Lion Electric and Electrical Components International: Empowering Sustainable Mobility Together July 24, 2023 Read Article Explore Careers with ECI Join our talented team and build your career at ECI. Apply Now https://www.ecintl.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/09/eci-seventh.mp4 HEADQUARTERS: St. Louis, MO +1 314 261 7700 contactus@ecintl.com ECI designs, manufactures and assembles world-class electrical distribution systems, control box assemblies, and other critical engineered components that enable the most advanced technologies across a diverse set of industries. CONTACT US © 2023 ECI Terms Privacy Policy ECI Respects your privacy.We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.Cookie SettingsAccept AllManage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. CookieDurationDescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT