Aldevron: The basis for breakthroughs / Contact Us Status News Blog Events Careers Platforms Plasmid DNA Production Research-Grade Plasmid DNA GMP-Source® Plasmid DNA GMP Plasmid DNA Protein Production Custom Protein Services Gene Editing IVT Enzymes mRNA Production Design & Development Drug Substance Drug Product Services Research Grade GMP-Source® & GMP Nanoplasmid® CRISPR RNP Gene Synthesis Storage and Stability Products Viral Vector AAV Plasmids pALD-HELP (rAAV Helper) pALD-X80 (rAAV Helper) pALD-AAV Rep/Cap Plasmids ITR Expression Plasmids Lentiviral Plasmids Enzymes CRISPR Nucleases Eureca-V™ Nuclease SpyFi Cas9 Nuclease sNLS-SpCas9-sNLS Nuclease Catalog CRISPR-Associated Nucleases Custom Manufacture Discuss Your Options IVT Enzymes DNA/RNA Reporters pALD-ITR GFP Reporters pALD-LentiEGFP Reporter DasherGFP mRNA pALD-CV77-Luciferase Reporter saRNA gWiz™ High Expression Reporter Plasmids Cloning Backbones About Us Contact Us Careers Locations Company Status Mission, Vision and Values Advancing Science Code of Conduct and Ethics Supplier Code of Conduct and Ethics Events Calendar Resources Platform Brochures Product and Service Guides Whitepapers Posters References Advancing Every DaySince 1998, Aldevron has been committed to advancing discoveries in biotechnology. Learn More WEBINAR: CRISPR Genome Editing Solutions from Discovery to ClinicNovember 14, 202312 – 1 p.m. ET (9-10 a.m. PT) Register Today mRNA Custom ManufacturingComplete with LNP Encapsulation and Fill/Finish Capabilities Learn More Whitepaper: Expectations on the Pathway to GMP for Gene-Modified Cell Therapies Download Now NanoplasmidTM Whitepaper:Eliminating antibiotic resistance gene transfer risks in cell & gene therapies Download Now Aldevron Breakthrough Blog Read the Latest Work at Aldevron Learn More Platforms Plasmid DNA Production High-quality plasmid DNA production for a wide range of research, preclinical, clinical, and diagnostic applications. Learn more mRNA Production High-quality, scalable mRNA production meeting a wide range of requirements. Learn more Protein Production Gene-to-protein services, including custom enzyme production, recombinant antibodies and proteins. Learn more Services Research Grade Our research-grade production facilities provide the flexibility needed to offer competitive pricing and rapid turnaround times while still maintaining the quality our clients expect. Learn more GMP-Source® A faster, cost-effective alternative to cGMP production, GMP-Source® (GMP-S) can be manufactured to standard or customizable specifications. Learn more cGMP Driven by a comprehensive quality assurance process, we produce cGMP plasmid DNA in segregated ISO-classified manufacturing suites ensuring the highest quality products with each and every order. Learn more Recent News WEBINAR: CRISPR Genome Editing Solutions from Discovery to Clinic Among current techniques for clinical genome editing, the CRISPR-associated gene editing system has emerged as a highly advantageous method to drive... WEBINAR: CRISPR Cures 2033: Expanding the Public Health Impact of Gene Editing In this live webinar, one of the pioneers of human genome editing—Dr. Fyodor Urnov—will lay out the urgent challenge facing the clinical genome... Integrated DNA Technologies and Aldevron® Activate Strategic Partnership to Deliver Key CRISPR Components to Cell and Gene Therapy Developers Under the new agreement, Integrated DNA Technologies (IDT) will sell Aldevron cGMP-manufactured CRISPR nucleases to enable customers to rapidly... Recent Blog Posts Webinar On Demand: CRISPR Cures 2033 Expanding the Public Health Impact of Gene Editing CRISPR-Cas shows promise in leveraging nonclinical and manufacturing information from one disease... A Dialogue on Timely Topics CDMOs and Nanoplasmids at Biotech Week Boston Biotech Week Boston is always an exciting time, with so many events happening at once. Vendors and... CDMOs, Expertise and Experience Considering the processes of mRNA manufacturing Similar to a comedian developing a stand-up routine around the latest trends, a Chief Scientific... About Aldevron We provide high-quality plasmid DNA, proteins, enzymes, and other biologicals to help our partners achieve ground-breaking science throughout a variety of life science applications. From contract services to comprehensive solutions, we supply what you need, when you need it, with expert support at every stage of development and production. Learn More Innovative Science. Consistent Biologics. Experienced Partner. Contact us about our comprehensive development and manufacturing services and how we can help you navigate the entire pharmaceutical development cycle. 1 (701) 297-9256 Contact Us Platforms Plasmid DNA Production Protein Production mRNA Production Services Research Grade GMP-Source® & GMP Nanoplasmid® CRISPR RNP Gene Synthesis Storage and Stability Products Viral Vector Enzymes DNA/RNA Reporters Cloning Backbones About Us Contact Us Careers Locations Company Status Mission, Vision and Values Code of Conduct and Ethics Supplier Code of Conduct and Ethics Events Calendar Resources Platform Brochures Product and Service Guides Whitepapers Posters References ©2023 Aldevron|Terms and Conditions|Website Terms of Use|Privacy Policy