Plastics Fabrication and Distribution | Cope Plastics Request a Quote Request a Quote close Fabrication Capabilities Equipment Products Arizona Fabrication Materials Graphic Mechanical Sustainability Sustainability Initiatives Recycling Program Industries COVID-19 Safety & Medical Graphics Heavy Equipment Food & Beverage Material Handling Oil & Gas Fluid Handling Learning Center Overview Case Studies Blog Videos Line Cards News Events FAQs About Company Locations One Cope Team Quality Program Careers Contact Us Search corp-web@copeplastics.com 800-851-5510 Careers Fabrication Capabilities Equipment Products Arizona Fabrication Materials Graphic Mechanical Sustainability Sustainability Initiatives Recycling Program Industries COVID-19 Safety & Medical Graphics Heavy Equipment Food & Beverage Material Handling Oil & Gas Fluid Handling Learning Center Overview Case Studies Blog Videos Line Cards News Events FAQs About Company Locations One Cope Team Quality Program Careers Contact Us Request a Quote Join our One Cope Team With a culture that fosters positivity and a feeling of family, Cope Plastics is a great place to grow your career. We’re always looking for talented, passionate people to join our team. Careers at Cope Plastics Plastic Material Selector Every quality job starts with the right material. Use our online tool to quickly select the ideal material for your job. For signage, POP, or see-through products, give us a call at 1-800-851-5510. Are you looking for a sheet, rod, or tube? Select one Rod Sheet Tube What’s the application of your component? Select one Bearing & Wear Structural Find your Material Extensive resources. Family approach. That’s One Cope. We may be one of the largest distribution & fabrication companies in the country, but you wouldn’t instantly know that by working with our tight-knit team. We’re united in our dedication to providing the best materials and plastics solutions the industry can offer. We are One Cope. See What It's Like to Work With Us "Great communication, goes above and beyond of just quoting, takes time to explain materials needed for certain applications. " "I have been dealing with Cope Plastics for over 30 years, and they have always been responsive & competitive. " "I have been impressed with manufacturing facility and attention to detail. Quality processes in place to ensure customer satisfaction and meet expectations. " "Convenient to work with and the best supplier for machined plastics. " "Fast reliable service! Material prices are very good. The people that have helped with my orders are easy to work with and very knowledgeable on the materials they are selling! Thank you for fast and easy customer services! " "Great customer service, honest, reliable, competitive prices. They treat you like a person and not a number. " We help industries grow. Food & Beverage Heavy Equipment Signage & POP Material Handling Oil & Gas Fluid Handling See all industries Fabrication Capabilities With one of the largest equipment arrangements in the country, our capabilities are pushing the boundaries of what’s historically been possible in plastics fabrication. Our passion for our customers drives us every day to create new and exciting solutions that move businesses forward. Explore our Capabilities Quality Materials To succeed in any project, you have to start with the right materials. To get started, you’ve got to have those materials at the right time. We have relationships with many quality suppliers to ensure you get the best plastic for your needs, and we even keep our “hot items” inventoried to put our higher volume materials just a phone call to Cope away. Explore Our Materials Recycling Program Our Customer Recycling Program helps connect our customers with an easy solution to their sustainability concerns. In order to brighten the future of the businesses we serve, there has to be a future for our planet. Let’s keep plastics out of landfills together. Go Green With Us Fabrication Capabilities With one of the largest equipment arrangements in the country, our capabilities are pushing the boundaries of what’s historically been possible in plastics fabrication. Our passion for our customers drives us every day to create new and exciting solutions that move businesses forward. Explore our Capabilities Quality Materials To succeed in any project, you have to start with the right materials. To get started, you’ve got to have those materials at the right time. We have relationships with many quality suppliers to ensure you get the best plastic for your needs, and we even keep our “hot items” inventoried to put our higher volume materials just a phone call to Cope away. Explore Our Materials Recycling Program Our Customer Recycling Program helps connect our customers with an easy solution to their sustainability concerns. In order to brighten the future of the businesses we serve, there has to be a future for our planet. Let’s keep plastics out of landfills together. Go Green With Us We solve your lead time challenges View Our Case Studies Ready for help with your next project? Our dedicated team of experts loves helping our customers solve problems and get stuff done. No matter what your vision, we want to help make it happen together! Let's Talk! (800) 851-5510 corp-web@copeplastics.com 4441 Industrial Drive Alton, IL 62002 Useful Links Locations Careers Popular Links ©2023 Cope Plastics | All Rights Reserved Terms & Conditions of Sale | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use Please Update Your Browser × It appears you're using Internet Explorer. For the best experience please switch to a modern browser such as Firefox, Chrome, or Safari. Not all interactive features will work in this browser. Find your Material We're keeping our team safe with COVID-19 safety protocols: READ MORE