Air Medical Equipment and Maintenance at Spectrum Aeromed +1 (800) 753-4340 Email Us FollowFollowFollowFollow Search for: Home About Our Team Why Spectrum Careers Sales Representative Equipment Maintenance Air Medical Equipment Infinity 5000X Rotor Wing Air Medical Equipment Fixed Wing Life Support Solutions Fixed Wing Virtual Tour Modular Advanced Units Specialty Equipment OEM Services Resources AS9100/ISO Certification Brochure Download Current STC Revisions News/Publications Purchasing Terms and Conditions RMA Request Form STCs and Contracts Trade Shows Videos Contact Introducing the new Infinity 5000x Learn More Trusted Worldwide for Air Medical Solutions. EMS aircraft operators worldwide look to Spectrum Aeromed for customized solutions to the most complicated projects and comprehensive aircraft EMS interior requirements. Understanding the needs of air medical and patient transport crews has made Spectrum Aeromed synonymous with air life support solutions. Why We’re Better › Custom-made, right here in Fargo, North Dakota, USA. Rotor Wing View Solutions › Fixed Wing View Solutions › Modular Units View Solutions › Specialty Equipment View Solutions › The Spectrum Aeromed Difference Extensive Research, Design and Engineering At Spectrum Aeromed, we have engineers who design, prototype, and customize our products for different aircrafts. From preliminary design to integration to installation, our team has you covered! Lifetime Customer Support We provide long lasting, personal relationships with our customers. We want to make sure you are happy with your customized solution for its entire life. Knowledgeable and Experienced Sales Team Our sales team is made up of experienced pilots and mechanics who have worked years in the industry. They are professional and knowledgeable. Our experienced and professional personnel are dedicated to providing customized solutions that will enhance the capabilities of your air medical and patient transport crews. Get In Touch Learn More Air Medical Equipment Equipment Maintenance Sales Representatives About Privacy Policy Contact Info 1815 23rd Avenue NorthFargo, ND 58102 US Phone: +1 (701) 235-5478 Toll-Free: +1 (800) 753-4340 Fax: +1 (701) 235-5486 Contact Form Designed by Dayta FollowFollowFollowFollow Privacy & Cookies PolicySpectrum Aeromed asks that you accept cookies for performance, social media, and advertising purposes. Please confirm that you accept these cookies and our processing of any personal data related to these cookies.Accept RejectPlease review our Cookie Policy here and Privacy Policy here for more information about cookies and our processing of personal data.Privacy & Cookies Policy Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Non-necessary Non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. SAVE & ACCEPT