Home - Appareo Industries Aviation Aircraft Communication Units Aviation Speech Recognition System Flight Data Monitoring Stratus by Appareo USB Power Charging Ag & Construction Acoustic Material Flow Sensors Cellular Asset Trackers Electronic Motor and Hydraulic Control Global Data and Device Management iPad Based Machine Control and Monitoring Smart Cameras and Optics Telematic Control Units Services Engineering Product Development Manufacturing About Support Blog Careers Select Page AIRS-400 granted FAA Part 27 STC AML AIRS-400 has received a Supplemental Type Certificate (STC) from the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), for Airbus AS350, Bell 206, and Bell 407. AIRS-400 captures 4K Ultra HD video, pilot intercom system audio, ambient audio, and detailed flight data — all in a unit that weighs 11 ounces. It comes with options for ARINC 429 input, ED-155 audio output, and RS-422 output, and cellular offload, making it the most versatile and flexible lightweight flight data recorder on the market. Read More Rugged Electronics for Tough Environments Appareo is a recognized leader in the custom design, development and manufacture of innovative electronic and software solutions for tough environments. Ag & Construction Bringing Safety and Simplicity to Avionics Appareo is certified by all the major aviation and manufacturing regulators, and our experienced teams of engineers and manufacturing professionals understand what it takes to create products that adhere to governmental regulations and withstand environmental requirements. Aviation What sets us apart The Appareo Advantage With our engineering, manufacturing, and testing capabilities, we truly offer an end-to-end solution. We have the tools and talent to solve complex problems. From concept to completion, we keep it in-house to outperform our competitors and deliver innovative products with exceptional quality and efficiency. More about us What We Offer Engineering, Manufacturing, and Technology for End-to-End Product Development Industries Aviation Ag & Construction Customers News & Insights Upcoming Career Fairs & Expos The school year has started back up again, and a few members of our team will be attending career fairs throughout North Dakota, South Dakota, and Minnesota. If you are near one of these fairs, we would love to chat about the various career opportunities at... Taking Our Corn Feed Local Throughout the summer, we have been celebrating Appareo’s 20-year anniversary. As part of the celebration, we’ve been hosting events for our team members at Appareo. On Wednesday, August 16, we held a corn feed for our employees.Rather than going to a large chain... Recon SpraySense™ Receives AE50 Award from ASABE We’re excited to announce that the Intelligent Ag solution, Recon SpraySense™ has received an AE50 award from ASABE. 1810 NDSU Research Cir. N.Fargo, ND 58102 Cage Code: 3G1Y9 Duns Number: 033485256 About Appareo Services Industries Careers Contact Press Releases Affiliates Intellectual Property Privacy Policy About Appareo Services Industries Press Releases Careers Contact Affiliates Intellectual Property Privacy Policy Join our email list: Copyright © 2023 Appareo | Terms of Use| Privacy| California Notice of Collection| Do Not Sell My Information