Home | D & M Industries Skip to main content D&M Brochure Resources Warranties Careers (800) 437-4305 Menu Doors/Frames/Hardware/Windows Commercial Portfolio Hospitality Portfolio Corporate Office Portfolio Living Communities Portfolio Doors & Frames Interior Doors Exterior Doors Frames Millwork, Mouldings, & Stairparts Windows Finish Hardware Hardware Electronic Hardware Specialty Items Residential Portfolio Doors & Frames Interior Doors Exterior Doors Millwork Mouldings Stairparts Windows Finish Hardware Prefinishing Midwest Window Historical Renovation/Retrofit Gallery Multi-Family Gallery Contact Make a Payment About Us Leadership Team Office Hours and Holidays Corporate Location Press enter to begin your search Close Search Your Project Experts SINCE 1982 COMMERCIALRESIDENTIAL 41 years in business 49 states serviced 100 employee owned HELPING PEOPLE CREATE BEAUTIFUL SPACES D&M has been providing doors and more for commercial and residential building projects in the Fargo, ND and Moorhead, MN areas since 1982. We’ve supplied materials to hotels, motels, apartment and multi-family housing, assisted living facilities, student housing, government and tenant improvement projects. D&M has helped open doors from Alaska to Florida, California to Maine and everywhere in between. Located in Fargo Moorhead, D&M Industries is a 100% employee-owned company with a knowledgeable, experienced and skilled staff that ensures the right products are selected for your project. Our inventory of doors, frames, hardware, millwork, and windows combined with our fabrication shop allows D&M to fulfill virtually every project need. Windows See More Doors See More Hardware Stairparts See More DELIVERY VENDORS INVENTORY KNOWLEDGE CUSTOMIZATION STABILITY Experience and Service You Can Count On Located in the Fargo Moorhead area, D&M knows what it takes to complete your project per specification and on time. We’ve hired experts for every division from sales to delivery. Our sales staff have years of experience, so you know your questions will get answered. We can ship products anywhere in the nation. With over 1.5 million dollars of inventory we can get you what you need, where you need it, when you need it. We pride ourselves on also being able to customize your order. You will receive products that meet your expectations because we’ve taken the time to build strong, trusted relationships with vendors. Our Moorhead, MN onsite warehouses holds a supply of the most popular doors, frames, hardware and millwork which means no waiting for the product you may need. We differ from a broker because our inventory and production facilities allow us to customize products to fulfill your needs at a favorable price. D&M is here for you this year, and we’ll be here next year. We are a 100% employee owned company and we continue to grow by helping you open new doors. PROUD MEMBER OF © 2023 D & M Industries. | Created by Off The Wall Advertising | Privacy Policy Close Menu Doors/Frames/Hardware/Windows Commercial Portfolio Hospitality Portfolio Corporate Office Portfolio Living Communities Portfolio Doors & Frames Interior Doors Exterior Doors Frames Millwork, Mouldings, & Stairparts Windows Finish Hardware Hardware Electronic Hardware Specialty Items Residential Portfolio Doors & Frames Interior Doors Exterior Doors Millwork Mouldings Stairparts Windows Finish Hardware Prefinishing Midwest Window Historical Renovation/Retrofit Gallery Multi-Family Gallery Contact Make a Payment About Us Leadership Team Office Hours and Holidays Corporate Location D&M Brochure Resources Warranties Careers (800) 437-4305