Homemade Cupcake Jars Perfect for Any Occasion - Paisley and Dash 0 was successfully added to your cart. Shop 0 was successfully added to your cart. LOVE Freshly baked, ready to eat cupcakes in a jar. At first bite. The Punkin All the rich, warm spices and aromas of fall wrapped into our pumpkin spice cake, complimented with our newest buttercream that includes hints of vanilla and cinnamon, rounded out with an aromatic nutmeg, that you will FALL in love with! Soy Based Candles Soy Based Candles $ 30 One-of-a-kind Treats Perfect for Any Occasion Our ready-to-eat Paisley & Dash cupcake jars are generously filled right to the top! Beautiful layer upon layer of the perfect combination of cupcake + frosting. With a variety of flavors to pick from, one jar (alright maybe two!!) is sure to satisfy your sweet tooth right into a sugar coma. PRESS: Featured in Standard Size Gift of One Choose from our three delectable flavors for this memorable gift for one (including signature box). $ 12 Shop Half-Dozen Six scrumptious cupcake jars with your choice of flavor combinations. $ 53 Shop Gift of Two Guilty pleasure...or a treat for two? Your delicious treats come in an elegant black box. $ 23 Shop Dozen Mix and match 12 delicious cupcakes to suit your sweet tooth. $ 99 Shop Gift of Four Your choice of four delicious cupcake jars beautifully packaged in our signature box. $ 41 Shop Gift of Four Mother's Day Special Edition Our Tiffany-Box-Blue special edition for the Mother in your life. Your choice of four delicious cupcake jars beautifully packaged in our signature box. $ 41 Shop For orders over 10 dozen, please contact us Sara Owner Find the Simple Things to Celebrate From corporate events to birthday parties, our cupcake jars are the perfect treat for making sweet memories. FRESH INGREDIENTS All of our products are made with the finest quality ingredients and guaranteed fresh. SIGNATURE HAND-PACKAGING We offer individually wrapped jars in our black box, wrapped in bakers twine, and topped with spoons. To make it extra sweet, we're happy to include a personal message! DELICIOUS ON DELIVERY Our cupcakes are as delicious arriving at your door as they were when we pulled them out of the oven. All jars are shipped within 2 days of order date. Praise for Paisley & Dash Excellent service, shipped quickly and arrived beautifully packaged! Perfect gift. Thank you!! Mandi I ordered 14 of these sweet little goodness cupcakes in a jar from Sara on short notice for Thanksgiving. She had them ready to go in no time flat and they were delicious!!! Thanks Sara Paisley & Dash! Jennifer The BEST cupcakes ever and the personal touch is over the top!! Julie Sara helped me with some sweet treats for my bridesmaids-to-be. It was such an awesome treat to help with my bridesmaid proposals and they were super cute. All the girls thought they were so tasty and loved the idea. Thanks Sara for helping with that. Everyone loved the idea and even more loved every last bite! Emilie Every bite was delicious! Everyone one I shared with thought the same, too. Super fast shipping and beautiful packaging! The best baker around! Hayley OMG the treats are to die for. So yummy!!! I can’t wait to hand them out as gifts!! Jodi Three Delightful Flavors to Choose From Mix and match from our fan-favorite selections. The Scarlet Sinfully-sweet red velvet cake with a subtle hint of chocolate, topped off with luscious almond buttercream frosting. The Dash Rich chocolate cake with silky almond buttercream frosting. An irresistible treat for chocolate lovers of all ages! The Paisley Decadent, tender white cake topped with creamy almond buttercream frosting. A must-have, perfect party cupcake for any occasion. Copyright © 2019 Milingona. All Rights Reserved.