PRECISION INDUSTRIES - Precision Machine Skip to content Support American Manufacturing Toggle NavigationNFPA InfoAbout UsContact Us541 484 9841Toggle NavigationRotary FeedersChip, Wood, Pulp & Alternative Fuel Rotary FeederDouble-Slope High Volume Rotary FeederRaw Mill Rotary FeederRotary ValvesHD Rotary ValveHD Rotary Valve w/KnifeHD Self-Cleaning Rotary ValveHD Side Entry Rotary ValveHD Micro Rotary ValveScrew ConveyorsHD Screw ConveyorsHD Sectional FlightsApplications By IndustryBiomass & WoodCementPulp & PaperFood & AgMetals & MineralsCoal-Fired Power GenerationThe Precision Difference PRECISION INDUSTRIESPA2023-11-01T17:41:16+00:00 Precision Components For Precise IndustriesPrecision Machine & Manufacturing’s full line of rotary feeders, rotary valves and screw conveyors moves hard to handle materials that the “other guys” pass on! Developing systems that move abrasive, hot, sticky and corrosive materials is our specialty! See NFPA ComplianceMoving Materials Is What We Do!“PMM’s Rotary Feeders/Airlocks, Rotary Valves, and Screw Conveyors simply move material more efficiently, with greater flow, and with far less downtime & maintenance costs.” Over-Engineered & Over-Built! Rotary FeedersWhether yout material handling system is running wood, chips, pulp, alternative fuels or other organic material, Presicion’s Rotary Feeders ensure that only uniform-sized materials are introduced. SEE ALLRotary ValvesHeavy-Duty & NFPA Compliant Rotary Valves. All Precision Machine & Manufacturing Valves offer Maximun Functionality & Durability in a Rebuildable Rotary valve. SEE ALLScrew ConveyorsSpecifically designed to meet the very specific needs of the application. PMM Screw Conveyors are the best choice when common “off-the shell” augers continue to fall short and fail far too soon. SEE ALLWhy Precision?Engineered Solutions It all starts with the Application! Once we have gathered all of the relevant application data, we go to work engineering & designing a solution that will exceed the throughput requirements for the overall material handling system. Industry leaders Time and time again, we are called upon to solve material handling challenges that are the result of using inferior equipment. Through this process, we have emerged as the “go to source” for all material handling components. Made in USA All Rotary Feeders, Rotary Valves, Airlocks and Screw Conveyors are manufactured in the United States of America by hard-working Americans, and with materials sourced from this great land! 123456781 CEMENT INDUSTRY Lower Total Costs. Keep Material Moving. Whether you’re moving coal, alternative fuels, dust collection, silo discharge, kiln feed, or other high-volume, high-abrasion raw materials, Precision equipment will keep it moving, consistently, easily and without constant operator intervention. No more need to worry about material flow or assigning employees to fix clogs and spills. Feeders and valves that fail unexpectedly and cause unplanned downtime cost you production and profitability. With Precision Predictable Performance, feeders and valves last for their rated life. Address routine maintenance and rebuilding on your schedule. CEMENT INDUSTRY COMPONENTS PMDS Self-Cleaning Rotary Valve A mechanically self-cleaning rotary valve for applications where sticky or wet material can build-up in a conventional rotary valve or rotary feeder and disrupt feeding. Learn More 2 CEMENT INDUSTRY Lower Total Costs. Keep Material Moving. Whether you’re moving coal, alternative fuels, dust collection, silo discharge, kiln feed, or other high-volume, high-abrasion raw materials, Precision equipment will keep it moving, consistently, easily and without constant operator intervention. No more need to worry about material flow or assigning employees to fix clogs and spills. Feeders and valves that fail unexpectedly and cause unplanned downtime cost you production and profitability. With Precision Predictable Performance, feeders and valves last for their rated life. Address routine maintenance and rebuilding on your schedule. CEMENT INDUSTRY COMPONENTS PMDS Self-Cleaning Rotary Valve A mechanically self-cleaning rotary valve for applications where sticky or wet material can build-up in a conventional rotary valve or rotary feeder and disrupt feeding. Learn More 3 CEMENT INDUSTRY Lower Total Costs. Keep Material Moving. Whether you’re moving coal, alternative fuels, dust collection, silo discharge, kiln feed, or other high-volume, high-abrasion raw materials, Precision equipment will keep it moving, consistently, easily and without constant operator intervention. No more need to worry about material flow or assigning employees to fix clogs and spills. Feeders and valves that fail unexpectedly and cause unplanned downtime cost you production and profitability. With Precision Predictable Performance, feeders and valves last for their rated life. Address routine maintenance and rebuilding on your schedule. CEMENT INDUSTRY COMPONENTS PMDS Self-Cleaning Rotary Valve A mechanically self-cleaning rotary valve for applications where sticky or wet material can build-up in a conventional rotary valve or rotary feeder and disrupt feeding. Learn More 4 CEMENT INDUSTRY Lower Total Costs. Keep Material Moving. Whether you’re moving coal, alternative fuels, dust collection, silo discharge, kiln feed, or other high-volume, high-abrasion raw materials, Precision equipment will keep it moving, consistently, easily and without constant operator intervention. No more need to worry about material flow or assigning employees to fix clogs and spills. Feeders and valves that fail unexpectedly and cause unplanned downtime cost you production and profitability. With Precision Predictable Performance, feeders and valves last for their rated life. Address routine maintenance and rebuilding on your schedule. CEMENT INDUSTRY COMPONENTS PMDS Self-Cleaning Rotary Valve A mechanically self-cleaning rotary valve for applications where sticky or wet material can build-up in a conventional rotary valve or rotary feeder and disrupt feeding. Learn More 5 CEMENT INDUSTRY Lower Total Costs. Keep Material Moving. Whether you’re moving coal, alternative fuels, dust collection, silo discharge, kiln feed, or other high-volume, high-abrasion raw materials, Precision equipment will keep it moving, consistently, easily and without constant operator intervention. No more need to worry about material flow or assigning employees to fix clogs and spills. Feeders and valves that fail unexpectedly and cause unplanned downtime cost you production and profitability. With Precision Predictable Performance, feeders and valves last for their rated life. Address routine maintenance and rebuilding on your schedule. CEMENT INDUSTRY COMPONENTS PMDS Self-Cleaning Rotary Valve A mechanically self-cleaning rotary valve for applications where sticky or wet material can build-up in a conventional rotary valve or rotary feeder and disrupt feeding. Learn More 6 CEMENT INDUSTRY Lower Total Costs. Keep Material Moving. Whether you’re moving coal, alternative fuels, dust collection, silo discharge, kiln feed, or other high-volume, high-abrasion raw materials, Precision equipment will keep it moving, consistently, easily and without constant operator intervention. No more need to worry about material flow or assigning employees to fix clogs and spills. Feeders and valves that fail unexpectedly and cause unplanned downtime cost you production and profitability. With Precision Predictable Performance, feeders and valves last for their rated life. Address routine maintenance and rebuilding on your schedule. CEMENT INDUSTRY COMPONENTS PMDS Self-Cleaning Rotary Valve A mechanically self-cleaning rotary valve for applications where sticky or wet material can build-up in a conventional rotary valve or rotary feeder and disrupt feeding. Learn More 7 CEMENT INDUSTRY Lower Total Costs. Keep Material Moving. Whether you’re moving coal, alternative fuels, dust collection, silo discharge, kiln feed, or other high-volume, high-abrasion raw materials, Precision equipment will keep it moving, consistently, easily and without constant operator intervention. No more need to worry about material flow or assigning employees to fix clogs and spills. Feeders and valves that fail unexpectedly and cause unplanned downtime cost you production and profitability. With Precision Predictable Performance, feeders and valves last for their rated life. Address routine maintenance and rebuilding on your schedule. CEMENT INDUSTRY COMPONENTS PMDS Self-Cleaning Rotary Valve A mechanically self-cleaning rotary valve for applications where sticky or wet material can build-up in a conventional rotary valve or rotary feeder and disrupt feeding. Learn More 8 CEMENT INDUSTRY Lower Total Costs. Keep Material Moving. Whether you’re moving coal, alternative fuels, dust collection, silo discharge, kiln feed, or other high-volume, high-abrasion raw materials, Precision equipment will keep it moving, consistently, easily and without constant operator intervention. No more need to worry about material flow or assigning employees to fix clogs and spills. Feeders and valves that fail unexpectedly and cause unplanned downtime cost you production and profitability. With Precision Predictable Performance, feeders and valves last for their rated life. Address routine maintenance and rebuilding on your schedule. CEMENT INDUSTRY COMPONENTS PMDS Self-Cleaning Rotary Valve A mechanically self-cleaning rotary valve for applications where sticky or wet material can build-up in a conventional rotary valve or rotary feeder and disrupt feeding. Learn More OVER ENGINEERED &OVER BUILT! Why Precisions? Precision builds the longest lasting, most durable screw conveyors available.Plywood Manufacturing Plant Purchaser, Oregon PRECISION MACHINE & MANUFACTURING 1290 S. Bertelsen Road Eugene, OR 97402 ©2023 PRIVACY POLICY CONTACT PRECISION TODAYThe industry’s preferred choice for the most difficult and challenging material handling applications! Phone: 541-484-9841 Email: sales@premach.com © Copyright 2012 - 2023 | All Rights Reserved Page load link Search for: Go to Top