Eastside Machine Company 1-800-234-7834 845 34th St N, Fargo ND 58102 Rental & Dealer Programs Training & Support Used Machines About Coil Sourcing Careers Contact Toggle navigation Siding Machines EM 6/8/10 Combo Siding Machine EM Log/8 Siding Machine Trailers and Coil Handling Register Your Machine Dealer Programs Machine Rental Get a Free Quote Used Machines Roofing Machines EM 10 Snap Lock Roofing Machine Register Your Machine Dealer Programs Get a Free Quote Used Machines Gutter Machines Fascia Gutter Machines EM 5½-inch Fascia Gutter Machine EM 4½-inch Fascia Gutter Machine EM 7½-inch Fascia Gutter Machine Register Your Machine Dealer Programs Get a Free Quote Used Machines Custom Machines Universal Cutters Media Time to invest in a machine built to MAKE Money FASTER DOMINATE THE COMPETITION Rugged, Reliable, & Portable EM6/8/10 SEAMLESS SIDING MACHINE Made in the USA YOUR ALUMINUM & STEEL ROLL-FORMING COMPANY since 1960 Since 1960, Eastside Machine Company has been providing the highest-quality roll-forming machines in the world by envisioning, manufacturing and selling the ultimate in quality and affordability, from in-plant and specialty machines to portable jobsite machines for seamless siding, metal roofing, and seamless gutters. Eastside Machine Co. also manufactures cutters, sells used and pre-owned certified machines, as well as replacement parts and operates a machining shop with a variety of expert services for hire, including engineering, mill and lathing, assembly and painting. Over 20 Seamless Profiles SEAMLESS SIDING MACHINES Eastside’s siding machines feature our self-contained embossing system, which applies a natural wood grain texture to paint finished steel or aluminum coil. Realistic Wood Grain Look SEAMLESS LOG SIDING MACHINES The portable EM 8 Log Seamless Siding Machines are robust and the wood grain profile is extremely realistic. Easy Snap Lock Design SEAMLESS ROOFING MACHINES Eastside Machine Company's portable EM 10 Snap Lock Roofing Machine is designed specifically for residential and light commercial applications. Financing made easy! We work with lease and finance companies that understand our products. Fast and Easy Adjustment SEAMLESS GUTTER MACHINES Eastside Machine Company has combined over 60 years of engineering and manufacturing expertise with roll-formers into the seamless gutter machine. World Class Innovation CUSTOM MACHINES Eastside Machine Company also accepts custom profile requests. We take an enormous amount of pride in being able to provide our customers with machines tailored to their individual needs and specifications. Watch Here EXPLORE MACHINE VIDEOS Interested in one of these portable machines? Check out our media page and view our machines in action! Find exceptional value with Refurbished, Certified Pre-Owned and Used Machines Shop Now Rugged & Reliable We have more machines in use worldwide than all other companies combined, and we stand by our products. The simple fact that some of our first generation roll-formers are still in production today says volumes about our company. Our affiliated companies all use Eastside Machines for manufacturing products with our portable jobsite machines and our high production in-plant machines. To be successful in roll-forming, you need to be productive with your assets. Downtime costs your business money! With Eastside Machine Company portable and in-plant roll-formers, you’ll have peace of mind knowing that you bought an American-made and engineered roll-former that will roll out profits, and we have the best warranty to prove it! Renowned Support Eastside Machine offers in-shop training with every machine purchase and complimentary tech support over the phone or via video conferencing for any of our customers who need assistance. You will talk directly to the person who built the machine and get world-class training on the operation of your Eastside Machine. Customer Reviews My Eastside machine just keeps the money rolling! Great local company building a quality product. Easy to do business with. Chad B. Connect with us Contact us Address: 845 34th St N, Fargo ND 58102 Phone:1-800-234-7834 Affiliated Companies EMCO Building Products United States Seamless Copyright © 2023 Eastside Machine Company