PharmaMed | Pharma-grade automation and engineering Custom Automation Overview Our Process Retrofitting Compliance Service & Support Services Products Company About Our Facility Case Studies Careers Contact Us Talk to an Engineer Custom Automation Services Engineering Services Technical Documentation Risk Assessments Setup, Startup & Training Maintenance Services Upgrades & Machine Services Products Blister Sleever Blister Accumulator Brush Washer-Dryer Vial Tray Loader Wallet Sealer Compact Case Packer Robotic Syringe De-Nester Vektor Designs Company About Our Facility Case Studies Careers Contact Us Talk to an Engineer Solve your complex productionproblems, guaranteed. Pharma-grade automation and engineering to help you tackle old problems with new ideas. Talk to an Engineer Our Process Minimize Labor Constraints OptimizeYour Line Increase Profitability IncreaseOutput Are production problemslimiting your growth? When you want to increase output, boost efficiency, or bring a new product to market, keyproduction problems can stand in your way: Labor constraints Poor line optimization Rising material costs Quality control &compliance issues Solving them requires new ideas. We’re here to help. At PharmaMed, we’ll workalongside to design and build solutions that help you overcome old problems in newways—so you can grow your business. Talk to an Engineer Our proven process. We understand your concerns about investing in custom automation, as well as the need to maintain production. We’ve built a robust, proven process to give you peace of mind that we’ll find the right solution. Step 01: Discovery Step 02: Design & Engineering Step 03: Build & Testing Step 04: Delivery & Setup Step 05: Ongoing Support Discovery No matter what problem you’re facing, the first step in our process is to thoroughly understandyou, your current production environment, and potential areas for improvement. Design & Engineering With your unique challenges and needs in mind, our engineers get to work developing a custom-built system designed to exceed your expectations. Build & Testing We believe in providing worry-free, robust tools, so we put our machines through rigoroustesting to ensure that they will perform in the most challenging of production environments. Delivery & Setup Once the machine has been reviewed and signed off by you, we get to work integrating the new system into your existing production line. Ongoing Support We understand that factory uptime is a key priority. Once we’ve completed integration of your new system, we provide training, ongoing support, parts, and scheduled and emergency maintenance to give you peace of mind that your new machine will perform—and increase your productivity. More about our process Custom Automation Maximize production efficiency to grow your business by tackling old problems with new ideas. Our expert team of engineers solves complex production problems with pharma-grade custom automation built for your needs. Learn More Engineering, Maintenance& Support Services Meet design, documentation, and implementation challenges with our technical expertise and superior service. Learn More PharmaMed Standard Products Improve efficiency, boost productivity, and increase margin in your production environment with products from our standard line. Learn More Meet PharmaMed. We’re a team of passionate engineers and project managers with extensive experience in industrial automation and production environments. We love tackling the unsolvable problems—the ones that others are afraid to touch. Whether we’re designing a new custom solution or delivering one of our standard products, we’re committed to your success above all else. Learn More Let’s Talk. Discover what’s possible with automation. Talk to an Engineer Custom Automation Our Process Retrofitting Compliance Service & Support Services Engineering Services Technical Documents Risk Assessments Setup, Startup, Training Preventative & ContinuousMaintenance Upgrades Products Blister Sleever Accumulator Brush Washer Vial Tray Loader Wallet Sealer Compact Case Packer Company About Careers Automation Insider Contact © Copyright 2022 PharmaMed, inc. | Site designed and developed by Blister Sleever Blister Accumulator Brush Washer/Dryer Vial Tray Loader Wallet Sealer Compact Case Packer Robotic Syringe De-Nester Vektor Designs Engineering Services Technical Documents Risk Assessments Setup, Startup, Training Maintenance Services Machine Upgrades