Packet Digital - We Build Batteries Skip to main content Home Batteries Smart Batteries Smart Chargers Fleet Management Software Badland Batteries Power Products Maximum Power Point Tracker Power Management And Distribution Services Custom Battery Design Solar Integration Custom Mechanical Engineering Capabilities Circuit Design Software Design Mechanical Design Battery Pack Assembly About Meet The Team Mission/Value Careers Patents Contact News Building Smarter Batteries and Power Products Here in the US Tell us what you need out of your batteries, and we’ll help you get there. Learn More Packet Digital is a Fargo, ND, based engineering company focusing on battery and power system development for autonomous systems, with an emphasis on UAS. With decades of experience in battery design, battery management systems, and embedded programming, Packet Digital can solve the toughest challenges. We design, test, and manufacture smart batteries and power systems for cutting-edge UAS platforms around the world We work closely with our customers to understand their requirements, and we are able to develop high-performance batteries that extend flight times, even with increased payloads, and offer simple, reliable operation over a longer lifetime. When you’re serious about battery performance, you choose Packet Digital. Up to 30% Higher Energy Density US Designed and Developed Up to 100% Longer Battery Life What are Smart Batteries? A true smart battery pairs cells with electronics that provide real-time monitoring and reporting of critical performance data. This data provides important information to your flight computer, allowing it to make decisions in flight, ensuring safe and reliable operation, and early notice of developing problems. It also communicates with the charging system to ensure safe charging and prevent catastrophic failures. Smart batteries can also ensure safe storage and shipping by de-energizing the outputs when not attached to a UAS or charger. Accuracy Provides accurate state of charge information and power warnings to your UAS so you know how much charge you have left. This lets you reduce the margin to fly longer missions or use a smaller battery. Monitoring Monitors cell temperatures, which is particularly important for charging. Charging batteries that are too hot or cold can destroy them quickly. Efficient Storage Automatic self-discharge during storage also dramatically increases the battery’s life. Maintenance Monitoring and reporting faults helps you stay safe and retire your batteries if they’ve been abused or are just wearing out. Latest News SMT line coming to Packet Digital’s new manufacturing facility FARGO, N.D. – Oct. 24, 2023 — Upon the announcement of expanding its manufacturing footprint with a new building in January 2023, Packet Digital is happy to announce the building is on track to open in Q4 of 2023. One of the key milestones in achieving this goal was the installation of a surface mount […] Read More Packet Digital Creating State of the Art Battery Manufacturing Facility in Fargo, ND January 2023. Packet Digital announced an expanded investment by purchasing a 25,000-square-foot manufacturing facility to manufacture batteries and power electronics in Fargo, ND Read More Packet Digital Awarded an $8.5 million Contract to Develop Smart Batteries, Chargers, and Power Systems for the United States Naval Drone Fleet December 2022. Packet Digital will design and manufacture high-performance UAS battery systems for the next generation of Navy Maritime Logistics UAS Read More Packet Digital Chosen to Supply Lockheed Martin’s Indago 4 Drone With Custom, USA Assembled Batteries And Chargers August 2021. Batteries and chargers are designed, assembled, and distributed from Packet Digital’s new headquarters in Fargo, ND. Read More Packet Digital Awarded Nearly $8 million Contract By The AFRL To Develop Advanced Space Power Systems June 2021. Packet Digital will focus on reducing component size while increasing efficiency and reliability Read More Questions? We have answers. "*" indicates required fields Subscribe to email:* CAPTCHAEmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Contact Us About Us Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter Linkedin © 2023 Packet Digital. INFO@PACKETDIGITAL.COM 701-232-0661 3241 UNIVERSITY DR S FARGO, ND 58104