Federal Machine, Soda Machines, Candy Snack Machines, Food Vending Machines Menu Close SERVICES Change Your Current Vending Operator Grow Your Existing Vending Business Expand Your Retail Business With Vending Start Your Own Vending Business VENDING EQUIPMENT Snacks Drinks Combo/Sandwich Retail Frozen Coffee Product Guide ABOUT US Manufactured in the USA Greenlite Cashless UVend Technology FINANCING Financing Application Credit Decision TRAINING & SUPPORT Training Videos Order Parts Technical Support Parts & Service Manuals Contact Us 1-800-247-2446 Federal Machine, Soda Machines, Candy Snack Machines, Food Vending Machines SERVICES Change Your Current Vending Operator Grow Your Existing Vending Business Expand Your Retail Business With Vending Start Your Own Vending Business VENDING EQUIPMENT Snacks Drinks Combo/Sandwich Retail Frozen Coffee Product Guide ABOUT US Manufactured in the USA Greenlite Cashless UVend Technology FINANCING Financing Application Credit Decision TRAINING & SUPPORT Training Videos Order Parts Technical Support Parts & Service Manuals Contact Us 1-800-247-2446 FM Website Hero EXPAND RETAIL BUSINESS 3FM Website Hero START YOUR OWN VENDING BUSINESSFM Website Hero CHANGE OPERATOR 2 (1)FM Website Hero GROW YOUR EXISTING 2 UVend TechnologyPatent-pending UVend Technology makes the high-touch surfaces of vending machines safer by quickly killing or inactivating some of the most common viruses and bacteria, including influenza and the COVID-19 virus (SARS-CoV-2).* Buying Equipment is Easier than Ever!Preserve your credit lines for product purchases and day to day activities, not costly capital purchases when you finance through our affiliate, Financing Vending. Click below to learn more. Snack Learn More Drink Learn More Combo/Sandwich Learn More Retail Learn More Coffee Learn More Home Contact Services Financing Privacy Policy Terms of Service Internet & Cookie Policy © 2022 Federal Machine | 8040 University Blvd Des Moines, Iowa 50325 Cookies consentWe use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept,” you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie SettingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. CookieDurationDescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT