Home | Mid America Steel – Specialized Metal Fabrication Home Materials & Services Our Projects Careers About Us Contact Us Phone: (701) 232-8831 Toll Free: 1 (800) 232-8831 Phone: (701) 232-8831 Toll Free: 1 (800) 232-8831 Home Materials & Services Our Projects Careers About Us Contact Us The Specialized Steel Fabrication Leader Mid America Steel specializes in custom metal fabrication, including structural steel, pressure vessels, tanks, rebar, plate steel, and other miscellaneous metals. View Materials and Services MID AMERICA STEEL SUPERIOR STEEL PRODUCTS SINCE 1905For more than a century, we have been exceeding customer expectations in service and product delivery. Since 1905, Mid America Steel has served a wide range of customers nationwide. We take pride in providing high-quality fabricated steel products for projects across North America. In 2019, we moved our operation from the heart of historic downtown Fargo, ND to a brand new and easily accessible 40-acre facility on the northwest edge of the city. Our new facility has enabled us to enhance our ability to meet our clients’ requirements and timelines through reliable scheduling and high-quality fabrication processes. With over 220,000 square feet of indoor space, our fabricators are able to focus on producing the highest quality products, regardless of the weather outside. MID AMERICA STEEL SUPERIOR STEEL PRODUCTS SINCE 1905For more than a century, we have been exceeding customer expectations in service and product delivery. Since 1905, Mid America Steel has served a wide range of customers nationwide. We are extremely proud to provide superior steel products to build the infrastructure of America. In 2019, we moved our operation from the heart of historic downtown Fargo, ND to a brand new and easily accessible 40-acre facility on the northwest edge of the city. Our new facility has enabled us to enhance our ability to meet our clients’ requirements and timelines through reliable scheduling and high-quality fabrication processes. With over 220,000 square feet of indoor space, our fabricators are able to focus on producing the highest quality products, regardless of the weather outside. STATE-OF-THE-ART FACILITIES THE FUTURE OF MID AMERICA STEELIn 2019, we moved our operation from the heart of historic downtown Fargo, ND to a brand new and easily accessible 40-acre facility on the northwest edge of the city. Our new facility has enabled us to enhance our ability to meet our clients’ requirements and timelines through reliable scheduling and high-quality fabrication processes. With over 220,000 square feet of indoor space, our fabricators are able to focus on producing the highest quality products, regardless of the weather outside. Our CapabilitiesOur Fargo, North Dakota production facility is located on over 40 acres where we stock a large and readily available inventory of the highest quality steel products in the industry. With our experience and knowledge in fabrication, we bring superior expertise to the table for every job. Our state-of-the-art production facility accurately fabricates a variety of steel products for our customers. Using industry-leading technology, our team of steel fabrication professionals have almost unlimited capabilities. Voortman Beam LineOur Voortman beam line offers shotblasting, sawing, drilling, and robotic coping, and allows us to meet your structural steel needs with speed and precision. Estimating and DraftingOur in-house team of project estimators and drafters analyze and deconstruct your designs to provide you with accurate data. With industry-leading turnaround times, we can help you keep your project on-time and on-budget. Oversized Plasma Cutting TableOur oversized plasma cutting table has the ability to cut and bevel steel plates, to meet complex design needs efficiently and accurately. RebarWith a complete rebar department, including automated stirrup bending and double bender equipment, we can meet your project’s needs, from 2,000+ ton jobs to backyard patio slabs. Plate SteelFrom structural and construction applications to pressure vessels, we can provide fabricated plate steel to meet most any project’s requirements. See What We Can DoCommitted to Our IndustryWe are certified with the American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME), the American Institute of Steel Construction (AISC), the American Welding Society (AWS), and the Canadian Welding Board (CWB). Mid America Steel Inc. is a leader in specialized custom metal fabrication, including structural steel, pressure vessels, tanks, rebar, plate steel, and other miscellaneous metals. We perform welding and specialty jobs as well. NavigationMaterials & Services Our Projects Careers About Us Contact Us Contact Info 5101 19th Ave N. Fargo, ND 58102 (701) 232-8831 1 (800) 232-8831 ©2022 Mid America Steel, Inc.