Welcome to Leister Custom MachiningABOUTmissionservicessamplescontactquoteCAREERSSMALL-TOWN VALUESBIG-TIME QUALITYPrecision. In one word, that sums up what we aim for at Leister Custom Machining. Whether it’s the way we execute our work, handle your timeline, or build a relationship with you, our goal is to set a standard that simply make us stand out.READ ABOUT USABOUTLEISTER CUSTOM MACHININGIn 2014, Nate Leister chose to “come home” with his wife and children to Hawley, Minn., and put his 18 years of experience as a machinist to work. The goal was to operate a custom machining business built on small-town values, while featuring big-time quality, fast lead times and fair prices. Since then, an abundance of customers have enjoyed the precise, beautiful work of Leister Custom Machining on materials ranging from steel to aluminum to plastic, and beyond.OUR MISSIONWhat gets us excitedto go to work?Our experts are driven by providing precision-machined parts… the kind of stuff that makes people step back and say, “Wow!” Our goal is to offer first-class service and fast lead time at unbeatable prices… all while appreciating where we came from by giving back to the community. We are proud to be anchored by incredible customers, who have come to trust us for fast and friendly service and quality workmanship.SERVICESWE OFFERLeister Custom Machining is your one-stop option for precision-machined parts. Using GibbsCAM software, our experts are equipped to evolve your project from concept to a finished product. The level of experience we have in the areas of CAD and CNC will ensure a final result YOU are pleased with.CNCMillingPrecisionMachining3DMachiningShort Production RunsPrototypes‍CAD toCamINDUSTRIES WE SERVEAgricultureWhen it comes to the agricultural industry, timing matters! Not only do we pride ourselves on fast leadtimes, but the dedication to precision and detail to get our customers what they need.Pharmaceutical PackagingBeing up for any challenge is exactly what we’re all about and when it comes to pharmaceutical packaging, it’s about developing solutions and maintaining a level of innovation towards each project.AerospaceEach customer comes to us with specific needs and some have requests that are beyond the stars! The AeroSpace industry is where we shine and where we continue to shoot for the moon!GET A QUOTECALL US: 701-405-1853WORK GALLERYPRECISION MACHINED PARTSWant to know more about Leister Custom Machining and what we are providing to customers across the Red River Valley? Take a look at our work gallery and see how we take materials such as aluminum, steel and plastic to create a final product that meets the unique needs of EACH customer.SEE MOREPRECISION MACHINED PARTSWant to know more about Leister Custom Machining and what we are providing to customers across the Red River Valley? Take a look at our work gallery and see how we take materials such as aluminum, steel and plastic to create a final product that meets the unique needs of EACH customer.SEE MORECONTACT USFill out the contact form below and we’ll respond asapName:PHONE:EMail:MESSAGE:Thank you! Your submission has been received!Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.701-405-1853Leister Custom Machining 3301 124th Ave S, Horace, ND 58047, United States801 Burns St, Hawley, MN 56549, United States© 2023 Leister Custom Machining - All Rights Reserved | Website Design by Cyberdogz