Home - O’Day Equipment We Are Problem Solvers 800-654-6329 Menu Item Menu Item Menu Item Menu Item Home Trusted Suppliers What We Do Fuel Storage Tanks Retail Fueling Systems Commercial EV Charging Options Installation Projects Service Service Satisfaction Survey Tank Calculator Support News Promotions Careers Benefits About Us Our Team Contact Us Locations Create a tank chart for metal rectangular and flat-end cylindrical liquid storage tanksTANK CALCULATORWhat We Do Fuel Storage Tanks Fuel Storage Tanks Retail Fueling Systems Retail Fueling Systems Commercial Commercial Installation Installation Service Service Service Satisfaction SurveyWe appreciate your business and want to make sure we meet your expectations.Trusted Suppliers View All SuppliersWe value relationships with our customers and suppliers. We don’t take these relationships for granted. In fact, we understand that these relationships must be mutually beneficial to be sustained.Who We Are O’Day Equipment is a B2B petroleum equipment and service company that was founded in 1935. Our purpose is to solve customers’ problems by helping them make more money. When it comes to petroleum, we strive to be the leading resource that provides the highest quality products and services for businesses all over the Midwest. Learn More About Our History Join Our Team At O’Day Equipment, it’s about talent, integrity and innovation. Our people are our greatest resources when it comes to that! We believe that employees drive our success. We look for talented, motivated individuals who will continue our long-standing tradition of providing great products and exceptional customer service. View Our Open Positions Affiliations Client Testimonials “Thanks for getting everything done way ahead of schedule! You guys killed it!” Casey Stoll Steehy Construction | St Paul, MN “I want to express my sincere appreciation for Paul’s hard work. The installation at the Rothsay Truck Stop went very well.” Mark Leighton Rothsay Truck Stop | Rothsay, MN “Wanted to thank you for your help and compliment you on your wonderful employees.” Mark Lindy Dick's Northside | Bemidji, MN “I must say that we are very impressed and I am glad that we took this project on with you guys! We are pleased.” Deanne Schatz Petro Stopping Center | Fargo, ND “I am really pleased with the progress, professionalism, knowledge, and cleanliness that your guys have shown me.” Jim Churchill H &H Outdoor Outfitter & Sport Shop Inc | Maple Lake, MN “O’Day technicians do such GREAT work on the Lileks trucks when they bring them in the shop for work.” Dave Olson Lilek's Oil Co. | Fargo, ND “After badgering and picking on you over the years, I can finally say – Holy S@@t Batman these guys are really good. NICE JOB – REALLY APPRECIATE THE EFFORT.” Keith Yokum Holiday Station #241 | Fargo, ND Latest News Fuel Tank – Truck Shop Express Ordering Express Ordering Franklin Fueling Systems Need to suspend a transaction? Check out The Drive ! Gilbarco EMV-certified solutions provide best-in-class security today! O’Day Equipment, LLC A Business-to-Business company founded in 1935. Our purpose is to solve customers’ problems and help them make more money. > Contact Us Menu Item Menu Item Menu Item Menu Item What We DoFuel Storage Tanks Commercial Retail Fueling Systems Installation Service EV Charging Options Our LocationsFargo, ND Minot, ND Duluth, MN Minneapolis, MN Sioux Falls, SD © Copyright 2019 All Rights Reserved. Home Trusted Suppliers What We Do Fuel Storage Tanks Retail Fueling Systems Commercial EV Charging Options Installation Projects Service Service Satisfaction Survey Tank Calculator Support News Promotions Careers Benefits About Us Our Team Contact Us Locations