Home | Trail King Industries 800-843-3324 Solutions Agriculture Materials Hauling Open Deck Commercial Open Deck Construction Specialized Tagalong Services Parts Refurb & Service Warranty & Technical Assistance Paint Process Find A Rep Our Company Our Why Our History News & Events Brand Assets Official Trail King Merchandise Government Contracts Careers Workforce Recruitment Program Employment Opportunities Apply Now Contact Us Customer Survey Get Financing Contact Finance Dealer Portal INTRODUCING.... Composite Grain Trailer Haul More Bushels than Ever Before! Learn More Why Trail King We invest in our employees Find Your Career Why Trail King We Offer Equipment Financing Learn More Why Trail King We Connect With Our Customers Connect With Us! Design your custom trailer today! Together, we are BUILDING SUCCESS. Locate a Rep! WHO WE ARE Trail King Industries, Inc., headquartered in Mitchell, SD, is the leading North American manufacturer of a complete line of trailers. We design, engineer, and manufacture trailers to serve a wide variety of applications for diverse markets, including construction, agriculture, transportation, waste and recycling, and specialized hauling. Over the years, we’ve built a reputation for unsurpassed quality, reliability, and performance. Learn More COMPLETE LINE OF HAULING SOLUTIONS Click each product line to view photos, options, specs, and more. View More Agriculture See All Materials Hauling See All Open Deck Commercial See All Open Deck Construction See All Specialized See All Tagalong See All WHY TRAIL KING Protect the things that matter most. Your equipment. Your brand. Your bottom line. Trail King uses only the highest quality products available to manufacture our line of trailers, including our paint process. Every trailer includes zinc rich primer and an option for you to get custom colors. Check out our color chart to find your perfect match! Learn More About Our Paint Process I’ve pulled a lot of trailers and my Trail King holds up better than any of them, no matter what I put on it. - Steven Lough Hands down the best trailers money can buy. No other specialized trailer has the integrity a Trail King does. If your heavy specialized carrier shows up with anything other than a Trail King they are simply ill prepared for the job. - Frontier Specialized Heavy Transport Trail King wrote the book on customer service!! My experience was the best with Brian Hofer, he went well beyond customer service and provided an experience unmatched by most. I will always recommend Trail King and their Director of Customer Service for future opportunities. - Samuel Skierski Only trailer I’ve ever owned that I haven’t been afraid to push to its limits. Quality built with minimal if any down time. - Ben Bruinius Love my stepdeck! It’s light but built heavy duty!! - Jamie Donaldson Trail King has a great product and my first pick for a Heavy Haul trailer. - James West Out of all the trailers I’ve pulled I find trail king is the most user friendly. And in my opinion they build the best trailers in the industry. - Michael Renner I’m proud to own this piece of equipment and can’t tell you how much difference it makes using equipment that is perfectly tailored for the job I do. It makes everything a breeze. Thanks again! This trailer is a masterpiece. Best decision I ever made was to buy a Trail King. - Brad A Hunt & Sons Trucking We don't just sell trailers, we provide finance. refurb. parts. Finance We offer innovative payment programs designed with an understanding of the changing demands of your business. 100% financing of equipment. Refurb Enhance your trailer’s appearance, extend its useful life, and increase its future resale value. Parts Our parts system includes access to over 10,000 on-hand quantities and a variety of online tools to make sure that your Trail King Certified Parts Dealer can meet your needs promptly and efficiently. Get in Touch About Trail King Leading North American manufacturer of trailers for the construction, agriculture, transportation, waste & recycling, and specialized hauling industries. Newsletter Signup Success! You've been added to our email list. GO! QUICK LINKS Solutions Services Find A Rep Our Company Careers Contact Us Get Financing Dealer Portal CONTACT US 300 E Norway Ave Mitchell, SD ,57301 800-843-3324 sales@trailking.com FOLLOW US © 2023 Trail King Industries All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Chat with us, powered by LiveChat