SpaceAge Synthetics Skip to content ISO 9001-2015 Registered Established In 1994 Facebook Linkedin Industries Marine Transportation Building Products Thermo-lite Board® IceCap® Documents Services Careers About Us Our Story Meet Our Team Contact Industries Marine Transportation Building Products Thermo-lite Board® IceCap® Documents Services Careers About Us Our Story Meet Our Team Contact Thermo-Lite Board®﻿﻿Our product has endless marine applications that require water resistance, light weight, and high-strength materials. View Products Thermo-Lite Board®Offers weight savings, increased fuel efficiency, and increased strengths in the ground transportation industry. View Products Thermo-Lite Board®Offers numerous advantages compared to traditional materials and has an established performance record in virtually every application area that requires a tough, light weight and long lasting composite. View Products Thermo-Lite Board®Our product has a superior adhesive substrate and does not warp, swell, splinter, crack, or corrode your building products. View Products Career OpportunitiesSpaceAge Synthetics is in search of highly motivated individuals looking to expand their careers. Learn why SpaceAge is a great place to work. Join Our Team Thermo-Lite Board® For manufacturers that require a proven core material, Thermo-Lite Board® offers many advantages compared to traditional materials and has an established performance record in virtually every application area that requires a tough and light weight composite. Light weight Composite Product No. 1 alternative product to plywood and other wood-based products Guaranteed Non-Absorbent Durable and reliable high impact strength - does not harbor mold or fungus Product Strength Thermal insulation resistant to contamination SpaceAge Synthetics The Pioneer in the industry of fiber-reinforced urethane products. With our reputable Thermo-Lite Board® Product Line, our company has earned customer trust through our quality, long-lasting products, prompt responsiveness, experience, and knowledge of the industry. Industries We Serve Building IndustryThermo-Lite Board® will accept all standard woodworking tooling and hardware, is a superior adhesive substrate, and does not warp, swell, splinter, crack, corrode, or deteriorate. Learn More Transportation IndustryThermo-Lite Board® offers endless advantages including weight savings, increased fuel efficiency, and increased strengths in the ground transportation industry. Learn More Marine IndustrySpaceAge Synthetics offers our Thermo-Lite Board® product lines with several densities, compositions, and thicknesses to suit endless marine applications. Learn More Customer's Feedback “Our previous experience of work with SpaceAge has been nothing less than exceptional and only encourages further business in the years to come.”​O.G.Customer “This is my 42nd selling season and my sales rep has provided the best customer service that I have ever experienced.”A.P.Customer “I am very appreciative of everything that SpaceAge Synthetics does to work with us.”P.I.Customer “Thermo-Lite Board® is a great product and we are proud to be your distributor.”MCustomer “Like the fact that Thermo-Lite Board® is lighter and more resistant (lasts longer) than plywood”M.C.Customer Employee Testimonials Great pay & benefits plus opportunity to be part of a small rapidly growing company.Mark J. There is opportunity within the company, great benefits and coworkers, communication and teamwork between employees, and the schedule works for me and my family.Makil M. This is a family orientated atmosphere where everyone works together.Elijah M. Join Our Team ISO 9001: 2015 Registered Our products are manufactured by skilled employees under a Quality Management System that is registered to ISO 9001:2015. This ensures the products and services you receive from SpaceAge Synthetics meet the highest international standards. Contact T: 701-277-5631 F: 701-277-5689 Facebook Linkedin Product Documents We provide imperial, metric, safety and processing on our products. View Documents Copyright © SpaceAge Synthetics, All Rights Reserved