Delivering Critical Care Ventilation | CorVent Medical Solution Training Company News Contact Solution Training Company News Contact Delivering Critical Care Ventilation Expand your critical care ventilator capacity to support day-to-day clinical use and overflow ventilation needs A Fresh Look at Ventilation Addressing today’s demand for respiratory support requires a new type of ventilator Critical Care Support Meets rigorous mechanical ventilation requirements for lifesaving, life-sustaining, and weaning Low Cost of Ownership Durable design that eliminates costly maintenance and service contracts Simple, Flexible Use Easy setup and system training optimized for daily use and overflow support 1 Lifesaving, life-sustaining and weaning modes 2 Adjustable ventilator settings including flow triggering sensitivity, O2%, and PEEP 3 Built-in safeguards & alarms including high inspiratory pressure, disconnect and apnea 4 Works with all low flow O2 sources 5 Multi-stage antiviral filters provide 99.99% protection to patients and staff Sophisticated. Safe. Reliable. The RESPOND Ventilator With sophisticated ventilation support, this ICU-standard platform ensures patients receive the care they need. The streamlined, lightweight design allows easy movement within the hospital. All of this is provided in a cost-effective, robust system that eliminates service and maintenance contracts. Spec Sheet FDA authorized ICU ventilator under an EUA Designed and built in the USA The Difference Pioneering a New Approach Sophisticated Ventilation with Excellent Infection Control Critical patients require mechanical ventilation that can respond to their needs while reducing the risk of pathogen exposure. Antiviral filters reduce 99.99% of pathogensCompatible with all low flow O2 sources, giving staff the flexibility to treat patients in a variety of settings No Maintenance or Service Requirements The streamlined system is made from durable, long-lasting components that do not require costly service and maintenance. Non-proprietary patient circuit and accessoriesRobust design for long-term storageLower total cost of ownership Convenient Setup & Ventilation for Staff Setup and use is simple. The RESPOND Ventilator is designed to allow healthcare professionals to focus more on patient care. Ready to ventilate in < 10 minutesEfficient staff training in < 1 hourQuick Start Guide located on top of ventilator Learn more about the RESPOND Ventilator Ready to see more? Request a Demo Brochure Contact Our Team info@corventmedical.com 833-770-VENT (8368) Designed and built in the USA The RESPOND Ventilator has been authorized by the FDA under an EUA and has received the CE Mark. It is available for commercial use in countries that recognize the EUA or CE Mark. Designed and manufactured in partnership with Design Catapult and Design Catapult Manufacturing. Privacy Policy ©2023CorVent Medical Inc. All rights reserved. MKT106 Rev H DCR-00161 Effective: 12/02/2022 1805 NDSU Research Park Dr N, Suite 118, Fargo, ND 58102 833-770-VENT (8368)