Aircraft Repair and Maintenance Services - Mid-America Aerotech Skip to content Home Company About MAA Meet The Team Certifications Services MRO Build To Print MFG Cold Spray Services Engineering Capabilities Hydraulics Pneumatics Machining Cold Spray Services Industries Commercial Aviation Military Aviation Research and Development Resources Latest News Videos Gallery Contact Menu Home Company About MAA Meet The Team Certifications Services MRO Build To Print MFG Cold Spray Services Engineering Capabilities Hydraulics Pneumatics Machining Cold Spray Services Industries Commercial Aviation Military Aviation Research and Development Resources Latest News Videos Gallery Contact We are a global aerospace company with a commitment to innovation, safety and sustainability Mid-America Aerotech is a certified FAA repair station located in West Fargo, North Dakota. Our team services the military, aerospace, and commercial industries, and privately-owned airplanes and helicopters. Our Services Mid-America Aerotech Your Trusted Source for Aerospace Solutions Mid-America Aerotech (MAA), a global leader in aircraft repair and maintenance services. With our extensive expertise, we excel in designing, manufacturing, and supporting legacy aircraft hardware such as flight control valves, landing gear actuators and servo cylinders. Operating from our West Fargo, ND facility, we proudly hold FAA Part 145/EASA repair station certification, coupled with AS9100 certification guaranteeing top-notch quality. We provide comprehensive services for hydraulic, pneumatic and electromechanical components, utilizing state-of-the art Additive Manufacturing (Cold Spray) technology to enhance component durability and longevity. About Us Our Services Maintenance Overhaul & Repair (MRO) Premier Maintenance, Repair & Overhaul Services Manufacturing Built To Your Exact Specifications, Every Time! Additive Manufacturing – Cold Spray Faster, Market-Competitive, and Safer Aerotech Repairs Engineering Designing & Building The Future in Aerotech Capabilities Hydraulics Mid-America Aerotech delivers top-quality aircraft hydraulic services, ensuring the reliability and functionality of hydraulic systems to keep your aircraft operating smoothly and safely. Hydraulics info Pneumatics Elevate your aircraft’s performance with Mid-America Aerotech’s top-quality pneumatic solutions, providing expert diagnosis and repairs for efficient and reliable pneumatic system operations. Pneumatics info Machining Discover the precision and expertise that Mid-America Aerotech’s machining services can bring. Our advanced equipment and skilled technicians ensure impeccable fabrication, modification and repair of aircraft components for unparalleled performance and reliability. Machining Cold Spray Experience the cutting-edge of aircraft repairs with Mid-America Aerotech’s cold spray additive manufacturing, delivering innovative solutions for efficient, precise and durable component repairs and fabrication. Cold Spray Info Industries Served Commercial Aviation Commercial Aircraft Repair & Overhaul Military Aviation Aviation Aircraft Repair & Overhaul Research & Development Cold Spray Repairs | The Leader In Cold Spray Research & Development Our Team View Our Whole team CEO Tim Gellerson Tim Gellerson brings twenty plus years at the senior executive level, including overseeing both domestic and foreign operations for multiple repair stations, and more. More about Tim Site Director / Senior Project Engineer Benjamin Hoiland Benjamin Hoiland is the Site Director for Mid-America Aerotech (MAA) repair station in West Fargo, ND. Benjamin also functions as the Senior Project Engineer at MAA. More about Benjamin Operations and Logistics Manager Mitch Semanko Mitch has 27 years of experience with MAA. Daily oversite of MAA production throughput and supply chain/logistics relationships is the focus of his job task. More about Mitch Finance and Contracts Manager Shari McGann Shari is currently the Finance and Contracts Manager. She has been employed at MAA since 1998 and has extensive experience in working with government entities. More about Shari Your Trusted Source for Aerospace Solutions Facebook-f Linkedin Get Started Home Contact Company About MAA Meet the Team Certifications Services MRO Build to Print MFG Cold Spray Services Engineering Capabilities Hydraulics Pneumatics Machining Cold Spray Industries Commercial Aviation Military Aviation Research & Development Resources Latest News Videos Gallery 2023 © Mid-America Aerotech Privacy Policy